c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe.config
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.exe
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.pdb
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.AddBook.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.AddBorrower.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.DeleteBook.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.DeleteBorrower.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.IssueBook.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.Login.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.MainMenu.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.ManageBookDetails.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.ManageBorrower.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.UpdateBook.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.UpdateBorrower.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.ViewBookDetails.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.ViewBorrower.resources
c:\users\t3rr3l3wis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication6\WindowsFormsApplication6\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication6.ViewIssued.resources
